fix inconsistency in issue from template parameters (#451)
trinsic-id/sdk: docs/ios/index.md

# The Trinsic Swift SDK

> The Trinsic Swift SDK makes it easy to interact with the Trinsic API from any iOS application. You can find the swift install instructions on [Github](https://github.com/trinsic-id/sdk-swift).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trinsic Swift SDK makes it easy to interact with the Trinsic API from any application built for iOS, MacCatalyst, or MacOS. The SDK is available for Swift Package Manager and can be added in your dependency section in `Package.swift` as follows:

 ```swift
 dependencies: [
     .package(name: "Trinsic", url: "https://github.com/trinsic-id/sdk-swift", branch: "main")
 ],
 ```

 You can find more details, source code, and tests for the Swift SDK at [Github](https://github.com/trinsic-id/sdk-swift).
```
